Welcome back.
In this lesson we are going to talk about integrating our application so that whenever we fire our strike
payment we actually will see it in our dashboard.
Now if you remember from couple lessons ago actually it's been quite some time.
When we built our stripe integration into our application all we were doing was leveraging the front
end.
But we were not actually adding anything into our actual backend because we needed to actually integrate
with some kind of server to create the payments.
After going through the checkout flow so in this section we are going to take a deep look into what
it's like to actually complete a full stripe integration.
Now you might be wondering why is it that we need a back end server and then what is a back in server.
Well I'm gonna answer all those questions for you in this section of the course.
And of course this will definitely cover some back end.
Now I'm gonna try and not go too deep into it because backend is a lot of things that we have to talk
about and quite frankly you don't need to know everything in order to do a react app occasion.
In fact you don't really need to know that much back in at all to build react.
But for the sake of the stripe integration I'm going to have to at least explain it so that it makes
the most sense without going into a three hour lesson on writing node back in Cote.
Now let's cover the first question about why stripe needs a back in service.
Well you remember how when we went to our developers tab we were able to access either one of two keys
inside of our API keys.
There was the publishable key and then the secret key the publishable key is our way of telling our
stripe libraries that we use on the front end which account is trying to make the payments so it's part
of their authentication process.
The secret key however is what they store secretly for us on our back and server and because it's hidden
on our back and server as an environment variable.
Other users are not able to intercept that key when we're making payments through our front end application.
If people were to get access to your secret key they would be able to technically make payments on our
behalf or take things out with this secret key.
They can also steal or intercept peoples strike payments when they're in the middle of being sent to
our back end.
Either way the secret key you absolutely have to hide from anybody that might be able to access it on
the front end.
And the big issue is that there is nothing you can truly hide on the front end.
You absolutely MUST KEEP ANYTHING related that you want to hide on the back end.
And that's the main reason why stripe requires us to create our payments through a back end server because
the backend server takes requests and sends it out but except for us.
Most people are not able to actually access the backend.
So we're going to actually take this secret key and we are going to hide it inside of our backend and
I'll show you how we do that when we actually start writing our back.
But that's the idea behind the secret key.
Now let's actually talk about how writing our back end server is going to work.
So we are going to write it in node but what is node well node is actually an environment that allows
us to run javascript outside of the browser as we know we run and write HDMI LCROSS and JavaScript because
those are the languages that our browsers are capable of passing Well it turns out that there is another
environment that is able to run javascript code outside of the browser.
And that is the node environment.
So what we end up writing is actually node code which is javascript but it's orientated around the idea
of writing back in code but in order for us to demystify this let's take a look at how the environment
has changed ever since the introduction of single page applications because through single page applications
we kind of disconnected ourselves a little bit more from understanding how web applications used to
function before between the front end and the back end.
So in this diagram I've demonstrated what an older version of web development looks like as well as
how web pages might have worked before we had single page applications.
Now imagine we had some back in server that was serving to us are code for the pages that we are trying
to browse to inside of our web application.
Now if you remember and have used web applications before in the early 2000s or in the 1990s you'll
remember that pages loaded slowly and it almost looked like pages were always refreshing whenever you
were navigating between the while.
This is because this is actually what was exactly happening what we would do from our web application
is we would make some kind of request to a endpoint very similar to the URLs that were used to routing
to now a server would expose those to us and our client.
So our web application would make a request to that end point say home for example and it would try
and get some piece of data from that home page or that home route are back and server would then send
back all of the aged s CSM javascript that was related to this home page and we would do this through
the rest parameter.
So what rest stands for is representational state transfer and it's pretty much the basis of how we
are able to get post update and delete data from our client to our server.
And the main point behind this is that we used to have to write our front end with anticipation that
we were going to be fetching all of our pages related to our front end application from our back end
with every single route that we're trying to hit.
Now how react works now is that we simply hit one row maybe just the base row at the moment our client
requests from our server write that I've landed on your application or web server we'll send over one
big bundle of HD him I'll see SS and JavaScript and the the client will then process all of these pages
inside the client which is what exactly the exact Library is doing it's leveraging javascript to build
out the appropriate H Timo and C Ss files at each route it no longer needs to go to our server and request
the data so the I'll see SS and J.S. files related to the pages that we're trying to hit.
That's why we use tools like Rack router and we use tools like react react on right including our CSO
as in J.S. libraries that we've now used we use all of these tools to leverage more and more of our
front end client so our browsers javascript capabilities to build out all of these pages that we used
to have to request for.
The problem with this is that we still need the back end server to hold our data which is why we use
tools like fire store and Google firebase to handle a lot of things that we cannot do on the front end
because we either don't have the capability to store all that data or if we want to hide things because
as I mentioned with our secret key there's a lot of environment variables that you do not want to expose
on the front end because the front end can always always be attacked in between these requests.
So with secret keys and things like that you want to keep on the back end server.
Now we will talk about rest a little bit more a little later.
But one big thing for us to keep in mind about building this back end is going to be the fact that while
we do get all of our front end application this way that we've been doing before.
We're still gonna make a request to our back and server and we're still going to get the bundle we might
want to make requests so that our server does certain things and this is typically handled through some
kind of API.
Now what is an API while API stands for an application programming interface.
And it sounds fancy but it's pretty much exactly what we're looking at.
It is different.
You are LS Right or end points that get exposed from the server that we are able to make requests to
and we've actually done this numerous times already.
We did this when we were playing with our Jason Place holder right.
Whenever we made a fax request to a certain you URL that was what we were doing is we were hitting an
API that had exposed that endpoint to us.
They gave us specific data in a similar way.
These back end API is are also able to expose an endpoint that instead gets a post request and a post
request is us sending data over to that end point asking it to do something for us.
So if we go over here we'll actually see a more likely kind of API that we'll see.
You'll notice that it looks almost identical to what we were looking at before except the difference
now is that maybe let's say we had some kind of blogging application with a blogging back and server
when we want users data or if we wanted things related to users we make a get request to this user's
end point and we get back some user data very similar to what we do with firestorm.
We are making requests except instead of not going to an endpoint we use the library's tools that they
provide for us to get our users similarly let's say we were requesting posts for from a user I.D. we
would have to hit a different new endpoint pass in the user I.D. as a parameter and then this back end
server would then give us back the Post data based on that user IP that we're requesting from this end
point the same thing would work for a posts on comments on a specific post but the structure is pretty
much just that we have the server that shows us these routes these end point routes that we make either
get requests or post requests or update requests or delete requests to send some data or maybe no data
at all and then the code on the back end server will determine what to do with each of those requests
at that specific end point so that's pretty much all node does from a conceptual high level how we actually
write that code we will see in the next lesson I just want you to keep in mind that this is the main
thing that we're doing when it comes to building a backend as well as how the backend integrates with
the front end.